.PP
An open-source and free software enthusiast who loves making programs
that work for people.
.SH EDUCATION
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
.PP
\f[B]Bachelor of Science; Computer Science\f[R] \[em] Oregon State
University Postbaccalaureate, 3.58 GPA
.PD 0
.P
.PD
Expected graduation Fall 2019 Corvallis, OR
.PP
.PP
\f[B]Bachelor of Science; Biology\f[R] \[em] University of Oregon
Presidential Scholar, 3.34 GPA
.PD 0
.P
.PD
Graduated June 2017 Eugene, OR
.SH EXPERIENCE
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[B]Linux Kernel\f[R] : 2 years experience with configuring and
compiling custom Linux kernels for personal use.
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[B]Windows Kernel\f[R] : 6 months experience with debugging Windows
kernels, threads, and API\[cq]s with WinDbg.
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[B]Multithreading\f[R] : 1 year experience using pthreads with C, 6
months experience using OpenMP with C/C++.
.SH PROJECTS
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
.PP
\f[B]liambeckman.com/code (https://liambeckman.com)\f[R] \[em] personal
website and portfolio
.PD 0
.P
.PD
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Jekyll
github.com/lbeckman314/website (https://github.com/lbeckman314/website)
.PP
A website that presents a variety of my projects and software
development tools, including a Git server (https://git.liambeckman.com)
and an instance of Jenkins continuous integration
service (https://liambeckman.com/jenkins).
The website and all projects are hosted on a modest single-board
computer (Raspbian on RPi3 Model B).
.PP
.PP
\f[B]RemoveMyWaste (https://liambeckman.com/code/matriz)\f[R] \[em]
application for hazardous waste removal
.PD 0
.P
.PD
Java, MariaDB/MySQL, SQLite, JavaScript, HTML, CSS
github.com/cs361-group24/RemoveMyWaste (https://github.com/cs361-group24/RemoveMyWaste)
.PP
An Android and web application with the purpose of giving anyone the
ability to safely dispose of hazardous household and industrial
materials.
Users can locate disposal centers near them, as well as read specific
information on the materials they wish to dispose of.
The web interface may be found at
removemywaste.liambeckman.com (https://removemywaste.liambeckman.com).
.PP
.PP
\f[B]devilish* (https://liambeckman.com/code/devilish)\f[R] \[em]
portable shell for *nix operating systems
.PD 0
.P
.PD
C
github.com/lbeckman314/devilish (https://github.com/lbeckman314/devilish)
.PP
A minimalistic shell for Unix-like operating systems.
Allows for standard input/output redirection, foreground/background
processes, and SIGTSTP/SIGINT signal handling.
.PP
.PP
\f[B]matriz* (https://liambeckman.com/code/matriz)\f[R] \[em]
mathematics shell program
.PD 0
.P
.PD
Bash
github.com/lbeckman314/matriz (https://github.com/lbeckman314/matriz)
.PP
A shell script for managing matrix operations including multiplication,
addition, and transposition.
A matrix generator is included in the available functions.
.PP
.PP
\f[B]prime* (https://liambeckman.com/code/matriz)\f[R] \[em] program for
calculating large prime numbers
.PD 0
.P
.PD
C++ github.com/lbeckman314/prime (https://github.com/lbeckman314/prime)
.PP
A program that uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes to compute a given prime
number selected by the user.
.PP
.PP
\f[B]wyeast* (https://liambeckman.com/code/wyeast)\f[R] \[em] A
multithreaded text adventure game.
.PD 0
.P
.PD
C github.com/lbeckman314/wyeast (https://github.com/lbeckman314/wyeast)
.PP
Creates a random graph of connected structs and utilizes POSIX Threads
to help implement a user-driven command line adventure game.
.PP
* Interactive demos available at
liambeckman.com/code#terminal (https://liambeckman.com/code#terminal)
LaTeX source: git.io/fhsem (https://git.io/fhsem)
